Pearson correlation among elements of an array (#191)
fortran-lang/stdlib: doc/specs/stdlib_experimental_stats.md

[TOC]

## `corr` - Pearson correlation of array elements

### Description

Returns the Pearson correlation of the elements of `array` along dimension `dim` if the corresponding element in `mask` is `true`.

The Pearson correlation between two rows (or columns), say `x` and `y`, of `array` is defined as:

```
 corr(x, y) = cov(x, y) / sqrt( var(x) * var(y))
```

### Syntax

> `result = [[stdlib_experimental_stats(module):corr(interface)]](array, dim [, mask])`

Reviewer: What is the "syntax" of this syntax? What does `[[stdlib_experimental_stats(module):corr(interface)]]` mean? I think this subsection and snippet should show me how to call `corr()`. I don't think this is doing that. Shouldn't it be this:

```suggestion
`result = corr(array, dim[, mask])`
```

Reviewer: Oh, is this some special FORD syntax for hyperlinking? If yes, please ignore this comment.

Author: It is for FORD. It creates a link to the module.
See an example for `cov` [here](https://stdlib.fortran-lang.org/page/specs/stdlib_experimental_stats.html#syntax).

### Arguments

`array`: Shall be a rank-1 or a rank-2 array of type `integer`, `real`, or `complex`.

`dim`: Shall be a scalar of type `integer` with a value in the range from 1 to `n`, where `n` is the rank of `array`.

`mask` (optional): Shall be of type `logical` and either a scalar or an array of the same shape as `array`.

### Return value

> If `array` is of rank 1 and of type `real` or `complex`, the result is of type `real` corresponding to the type of `array`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If `array` is of rank 1 and of type `real` or `complex`, the result is of type `real` and has the same kind as `array`.
```

> If `array` is of rank 2 and of type `real` or `complex`, the result is of the same type as `array`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If `array` is of rank 2 and of type `real` or `complex`, the result is of the same type and kind as `array`.
```
